HeeJin: Yves! You're the only one in the frame.
HeeJin: Show us everything that you got!
(Yves fulfills HeeJin's expectation!)
HeeJin, Yves: Hee, Ves!
(Their visuals are bombing your heart!)
Yves: Oh, your hair color is really...
Yves: different with mine~
HeeJin: Oh!
HeeJin: Cho PD stepped out
HeeJin: We should follow her!
Yves: And HeeJin is wearing my clothes!
HeeJin: Right!
(HeeJin is wearing the clohtes that Yves wore when she filmed 'new' music video)
Yves: And I'm wearing the dress
Yves: that HyunJin wore!
HaSeul: (Bragging) I'm just wearing new clothes~
Yves: Hi~
Yves: We're 97s~
JinSoul: I just changed my clothes~
Yves: Yes~
Yves: And the style of clothes JinSoul wearing
Yves: is my favorite!
JinSoul: By the way, it feels like we're really in the same group
JinSoul: Because we all are wearing white clothes!
Yves: Yes!
JinSoul: Ah, you know? We are already in the same group!
Choerry, Yves: Yes, we're in the same group.
(Right, all of these 12 girls are members of LOOΠΔ!)